#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass extarticle
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Statistics worksheet - 5
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Rajib Dutta (duttarajib78@gmail.com) - Batch DS2402
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Using a goodness of fit,we can assess whether a set of obtained frequencies
 differ from a set of frequencies (Option d i.e.
 Expected).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Chisquare is used to analyse (Option c i.e.
 Frequencies).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
What is the mean of a Chi Square distribution with 6 degrees of freedom?
 (Option c i.e.
 6)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Which of these distributions is used for a goodness of fit testing? (Option
 b i.e.
 Chisqared distribution)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Which of the following distributions is Continuous (Option c i.e.
 F Distribution)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
A statement made about a population for testing purpose is called? (Option
 b i.e.
 Hypothesis)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
If the assumed hypothesis is tested for rejection considering it to be true
 is called? (Option a i.e.
 Null Hypothesis)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
If the Critical region is evenly distributed then the test is referred as?
 (Option a i.e.
 Two tailed)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Alternative Hypothesis is also called as? (Option b i.e.
 Research Hypothesis)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
In a Binomial Distribution, if ‘n’ is the number of trials and ‘p’ is the
 probability of success, then the mean value is given by (Option a i.e.
 np)
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
